Added model registry to index.rst; concepts.rst; aligned some languag… (#2582)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/concepts.rst

  its own approach for each ML library that it uses, and the link between a model and the code and
  parameters that produced it is often lost.

> * **There's no central store to manage model stage transitions and versions.** A data science team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **There's no central store to manage models (their versions and stage transitions).** A data science team
```
